NC | Upstream Docs Refactoring (#8162)
noobaa/noobaa-core: docs/NooBaaNonContainerized/ConfigFileCustomizations.md

Reviewer: General on this file:
- There are places where we write "service restart required" and add it in the step, and places where we just add the step, so we need to fix it. Can we add a "thumb rule" in which cases will we restart the service?
- They're places where we add the bytes example in different styles: 
67108864 // 64MB = 64 * 1024 * 1024 vs 32MB = 33554432 bytes = 32 * 1024 * 1024 (I prefer the first one).
- I would add to the number type the measurement explicitly and not just in the description (bytes, milliseconds, etc.).

* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "NSFS_CALCULATE_MD5": true
    ```

### 6. UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE -
* <u>Key</u>: `UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE`  
* <u>Type</u>: Number  
* <u>Default</u>: 4  
* <u>Description</u>: Set UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE in order to increase the performance of NooBaa - https://docs.libuv.org/en/v1.x/threadpool.html.  
* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE": 8
    3. systemctl restart noobaa
    ```

### 7. GPFS library path -
* <u>Key</u>: `GPFS_DL_PATH`  
* <u>Type</u>: String  
* <u>Default</u>: ''   
* <u>Description</u>: Set GPFS library path location.  
* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "GPFS_DL_PATH": "/usr/lib64/libgpfs.so"
    3. systemctl restart noobaa
    ```

### 8. Buffer pool memory limit -
* <u>Key</u>: `NSFS_BUF_POOL_MEM_LIMIT`  
* <u>Type</u>: Number  
* <u>Default</u>: 32MB = 33554432 bytes = 32 * 1024 * 1024  

> * <u>Description</u>: Set Buffer pool memory limit in order to increase performance. Suggested values 1-4GB, service restart required.  

Reviewer: I think worth mentioning explicitly that we expect the number in bytes (also in "Buffer size").
```suggestion
* <u>Description</u>: Set Buffer pool memory limit (bytes) in order to increase performance. Suggested values 1-4GB, service restart required.  
```

* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key in bytes-
    Example: 
    "NSFS_BUF_POOL_MEM_LIMIT" : 52428800
    3. systemctl restart noobaa
    ```

### 9. Buffer size -
* <u>Key</u>: `NSFS_BUF_SIZE`  
* <u>Type</u>: Number  
* <u>Default</u>: 8MB = 8388608 bytes = 8 * 1024 * 1024  

> * <u>Description</u>: Set Buffer size in order to increase performance of small/large objects requests, service restart required.  

Reviewer: The increase is for small objects and large objects?
Is there e reference for under the hood explanation?

Author: hmm when checking it I see that @jackyalbo removed this configuration, we need to add the new one, let's do it in the next PR, will write it down.

* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key in bytes-
    Example:
    "NSFS_BUF_SIZE": 10485760
    3. systemctl restart noobaa
    ```

### 10. Open read mode -
* <u>Key</u>: `NSFS_OPEN_READ_MODE`  
* <u>Type</u>: String   
* <u>Default</u>: 'r'   
* <u>Description</u>: Set the mode of open for read, use 'rd' for direct-io reads.  
* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "NSFS_OPEN_READ_MODE": "rd"
    ```

### 11. Trigger Check bucket boundaries -
* <u>Key</u>: `NSFS_CHECK_BUCKET_BOUNDARIES`    
* <u>Type</u>: Boolean   
* <u>Default</u>: true  

> * <u>Description</u>: Enable/Disable bucket boundaries checks.  

Reviewer: Why a user would want to disable it?

    3. systemctl restart noobaa
    ```

### 22. Set Master Keys PUT executable script -
* <u>Key</u>: `NC_MASTER_KEYS_PUT_EXECUTABLE`  
* <u>Type</u>: String  
* <u>Default</u>: undefined  
* <u>Description</u>: This flag will set the location of the executable script for updating the master keys file used by NooBa.  
* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "NC_MASTER_KEYS_PUT_EXECUTABLE": '/private/tmp/put_master_keys.sh'
    3. systemctl restart noobaa
    ```

### 23. Set Virtual hosts -
* <u>Key</u>: `VIRTUAL_HOSTS`   
* <u>Type</u>: String  
* <u>Default</u>: ''  
* <u>Description</u>: This flag will set the virtual hosts used by NooBaa, service restart required. Set the virtual hosts as string of domains seperated by spaces.  
* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "VIRTUAL_HOSTS": 'my.vritual.host.io'
    3. systemctl restart noobaa_nsfs
    ```

### 24. Disable schema check -
* <u>Key</u>: `NC_DISABLE_SCHEMA_CHECK`  
* <u>Type</u>: Boolean  
* <u>Default</u>: false  

> * <u>Description</u>: This flag will disable configuration/account/bucket schema checks.   

Reviewer: A minor suggestion
```suggestion
* <u>Description</u>: This flag will disable all schema validations of the config files - configuration, accounts and buckets. 
```

* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "NC_DISABLE_SCHEMA_CHECK": true
    ```

### 25. Disable Read/Write accessibility check -
* <u>Key</u>: `NC_DISABLE_ACCESS_CHECK`  
* <u>Type</u>: Boolean  
* <u>Default</u>: false  
* <u>Description</u>: This flag will disable Read/Write accessibility validations in the following flows -  
    1. Bucket creation/update - NooBaa will not validate that the bucket owner has read/write permissions to the bucket's path.  
    2. Account creation/update - NooBaa will not validate that the account owner has read/write permissions to the account's new_buckets_path.  
    Warning - setting this configuration to true might result with unexpected behavior.  
* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "NC_DISABLE_ACCESS_CHECK": true
    ```

### 26. Set Endpoint process title -
* <u>Key</u>: `ENDPOINT_PROCESS_TITLE`  
* <u>Type</u>: String  
* <u>Default</u>: 'noobaa'  

> * <u>Description</u>: This flag will set NooBaa process title for letting GPFS to identify the NooBaa endpoint processes. See issue #8039.  

Reviewer: We need to link the issue in GitHub.

```suggestion
* <u>Description</u>: This flag will set NooBaa process title for letting GPFS identify the NooBaa endpoint processes. See issue [#8039](https://github.com/noobaa/noobaa-core/issues/8039).  
```

* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "ENDPOINT_PROCESS_TITLE": 'noobaa_60'
    3. systemctl restart noobaa_nsfs
    ## Config.json example 
    ```

### 27. GPFS down delay -
* <u>Key</u>: `GPFS_DOWN_DELAY`  
* <u>Type</u>: Number  
* <u>Default</u>: 1000  

> * <u>Description</u> Set delay (ms) of GPFS system calls when daemon is down, to hold client replies during failover, service restart required.  

Reviewer: "during failover" - maybe fail over? failure?

* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "GPFS_DOWN_DELAY": "60000"
    3. systemctl restart noobaa
    ```

### 28. Syslog enable flag -
* <u>Key</u>: `LOG_TO_SYSLOG_ENABLED`  
* <u>Type</u>: Boolean  
* <u>Default</u>: true  

> * <u>Description</u>: This flag will enable syslog logging for the application.  

Reviewer: Can we refer to more information about the syslog logging?

* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "LOG_TO_SYSLOG_ENABLED": true
    3. systemctl restart noobaa
    ```

### 29. Stderr enable flag -
* <u>Key</u>: `LOG_TO_STDERR_ENABLED`  
* <u>Type</u>: Boolean  
* <u>Default</u>: false  
* <u>Description</u>: This flag will decide whether logs will be pushed stderr or not.     
* <u>Steps</u>:  
    ```
    1. Open /path/to/config_dir/config.json file.
    2. Set the config key -
    Example:
    "LOG_TO_STDERR_ENABLED": false
    3. systemctl restart noobaa
    ```

## Config.json File Examples
The following is an example of a config.json file - 

> ```sh

Reviewer: We can show the JSON with a JSON style ("```json").
Like in AWS CLI examples (for example in [put-bucket-policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/s3api/put-bucket-policy.html#examples)).
